Bits in [] brackets are just notes from me to you. The rest is written in as simple a way as I could think of. If its hard to code let me know, there are plenty of ways of approaching each area.
[I will treat deploying and moving with one rule covering both because that’s how I think of it. If that is obnoxious to code let me know]
[Basically you win this set up by getting a small bonus first so all deploying and fighting must be focused in the small bonuses until all of them are won. So the most important rule is that the small bonuses get priority. (Australia, south America and Africa. In THAT order of priority) I am not interested in the bot deploying or attacking in one of the other bigger bonuses. if you can see all the territories of a small bonus And can see that the opponent isn’t in that bonus then you must try to complete that bonus asap. If you can see the opponent in one of the small bonuses and have no other bonuses that you can compete then attack the enemy with everything (priority again goes to aus, then south am, then Africa)these simple rules get you into a winning position in the first few turns and then turning a “winning position” into a win follows a different set of rules]
Pick: [2 picks in Australia, then 2 picks in south America then 2 picks in Africa. Simple!] In this order pick these territories: Indonesia, eastern Australia, new guinea, western Australia, argentina, peru, Venezuela, brazil, north Africa, Madagascar, south Africa, east Africa Egypt congo. [This I a bit rough and ready but will always give workable picks.]
Turn 1:
If you have 2 of the 4 territories in Australia then complete Australia using a 4v2 and a 3v2. End turn. If not see below.
If you have 2 of the 4 territories in south America then complete south America using a 4v2 and a 3v2. End turn. If not see below
If you have north Africa and brazil then move all from north Africa into brazil first move. See below
If you can see an enemy in Australia then deploy all in your territory adjoining their territory and attack them with all. End turn. If not see below
If you can see an enemy in south america then deploy all in your territory adjoining their territory and attack them with all. End turn. If not see below
If you can see an enemy in africa then deploy all in your territory adjoining their territory and attack them with all. End turn. If not see below
Deploy all in your Australian territory and attack all into western Australia. End turn.
[turn 1 we are completing a bonus if possible, if not we are trying to clear the enemy from a bonus as always making aus the priority followed by south am and Africa]
[turn 2 its starting to get more complex so I will bring in “global rules”]
Never make 2v2 attacks. Never make 1v1 attacks. If you can see an enemy from a territory never attack a neutral from that territory. Make as many dummy moves as possible [to delay attacks against enemies, hoping that they attack you first. Don’t attack neutrals or enemies with dummy moves]. Make attacks against enemies last order [to get the benefit of higher defensive kill rates where possible]
[Do the “early game” rules in this order] 
Rule 1 [try to clear or complete Australia] If you have 2or3 of the 4 territories in Australia and cant see the enemy in that bonus then complete it using all your income up to two 6v2s [I haven’t played much on 100% luck I don’t know if more than 6v2 is overkill?] If you can see him then deploy all on one territory touching his territory and attack with everything. Transfer from the territory that is not attacking to the one that is. If both territories are touching his then attack from the one that started the turn with the most armies on it. If both have same number of armies then pick one randomly to attack from. If you have 1 territory in Australia then deploy all in it and attack the enemy if you see him, if you don’t then attack western Australia.
Rule 2 [If you have completed or been eliminated from Australia then do the exact same as above but in south america] If you have 2or3 of the 4 territories in south America and cant see the enemy in that bonus then complete it using all your income up to two 6v2s [I haven’t played much on 100% luck I don’t know if more than 6v2 is overkill?] If you can see him then deploy all on one territory touching his territory and attack with everything. Transfer from the territory that is not attacking to the one that is. If both territories are touching his then attack from the one that started the turn with the most armies on it. If both have same number of armies then pick one randomly to attack from. If you have 1 territory in south america then deploy all in it and attack the enemy if you see him, if you don’t then attack peru.
Rule 3 [If you have been eliminated or completed from aus and S America then do the exact same as above in Africa] If you have a territory in Africa and cant see the enemy attack with everything to east Africa. If you have east Africa complete the bonus using up to 6v2s and all your deployment. If you can see the enemy attack all against them last order. 
[at this point you’ve already won or lost][Now we move onto late game rules. At this point the small bonuses have been taken by one or other of you and its either time for a hail mary or simply executing the win.]
If you have not one of the 3 small bonuses then deploy all on whichever territory is closest to japan and make attacks towards japan once there sit and make no attacks[hoping to hide long enough for a draw].
If you have all of the small bonuses then attack the enemy whenever you see him, starting with territories that touch your small bonuses, then ones that are 1 territory away etc. attack with everything divided evenly between all the enemy territories you can see
If you have only Australia then attack siam, india and middle east Egypt, north Africa, brazil with everything you have each turn in that order of priority. If you’ve done that then attack central America and southern Europe. Once you’ve done that 
If you have only south America or south America and Australia then attack north Africa with everything. 
If you have only Africa or Africa and Australia then attack brazil with everything. 
If you have Africa and south America then attack middle east, india, siam, Indonesia in that order with everything.